I don’t care, why don’t you have a child with me?
I will be beaten to death if I go back!
Fang Se! Do you know what you are doing?
Ah, you...you think,
Can you deal with the Qin family just by refreshing one card?
Mr. Lu’s wisdom. Once the Qin family starts to take revenge,
It must have been a poor death. But he...
Among the Qin family, of course I would choose your Qin family.
But it costs a lot of money. As long as we can catch up with Da Luo,
His idea. Too much will not kill you.
Thanks. Whether there is quality or not,
Blow for you.
Mr. Qin, you want to go back and win the injury.
Two rigorous people
Rigorous What to do
Strictly, they are bullying your granddaughter
I still don’t remember my company in Taiwan.
I'm talking about one thing, right?
You tore up Qingjia's contract
Have you considered the consequences?
That's Baiyi's contract
He loves doing this kind of thing
From now on you follow the road prices
That company was left to me by my father.
from now on